File Structure
Total Lines: 206

Imports: json

Classes: Item, Weapon, Shield, Potion, Inventory

Functions: test_item

DocStrings:
Item: DocString not found
Weapon: DocString not found
Shield: DocString not found
Potion: DocString not found
Inventory: DocString not found
test_item: DocString not found
__init__: DocString not found
pick_up: DocString not found
throw_away: DocString not found
use: DocString not found
__str__: DocString not found
__init__: DocString not found
use: DocString not found
equip: DocString not found
to_json: DocString not found
from_json: DocString not found
equip: DocString not found
__init__: DocString not found
equip: DocString not found
use: DocString not found
to_json: DocString not found
from_json: DocString not found
__init__: DocString not found
to_json: DocString not found
from_ability: DocString not found
from_json: DocString not found
__init__: DocString not found
add_item: DocString not found
drop_item: DocString not found
to_json: DocString not found
from_json: DocString not found
__iter__: DocString not found
__contains__: DocString not found

Type Annotations:
test_item
__init__
pick_up
throw_away
use
to_json
__str__
from_json
__init__
use
equip
to_json
from_json
equip
__init__
equip
use
to_json
from_json
__init__
to_json
from_ability
from_json
__init__
add_item
drop_item
to_json
from_json
__iter__
__contains__

Naming Violations:
classes: 
functions: use, use, equip, equip, equip, use